# Japanese Pokemon API Version 1


## Card Object

* * *

name _string_

The name of the card

* * *

sequenceNumber _integer_

The sequential number of the card (applicable to Secret Rares).

* * *

printedNumber _integer_

The number printed on the card, will be the same as `sequenceNumber` almost always. Is relevant for Promotional cards such as `SWSH001`

* * *

hp _int_

The amount of HP the card has. If it does not have hp, then the value will be `-1`.

* * *

type _string_

The energy type the card is.

* * *

evolvesFrom _string_

If the card evolves from another card, this field will denote the name of the pre-evolution.

* * *

effect _string_

Describes the card's effect. Mainly for Trainers and Special Energies.

* * *

attacks _string_

Unparsed string describing all attacks the card has. Includes energy cost, attack name, attack damage, and any description or further effects.

* * *

rules _string_

Describes rules the card is bound to. Mainly for cards with a Rule Box and certain Trainers.

* * *

weakness _string_

The type of energy the card is weak to. Does not include weakness modifier, only the type.

* * *

resistance _string_

The type of energy the card is resistant to. Does not include resistance modifier, only the type.

* * *

retreatCost _string_

The amount of energy required to retreat.

* * *

cardType _string_

The subset that the card falls into. For example, `Single Strike Pokemon`, `Pokemon VMAX`, etc.

* * *

illustrator _string_

The card art's illustrator.

* * *

setName _string_

The name of the set which the card belongs to.

* * *

imageUrl _string_

The url pointing to the card's image. If there is no card image, then this will instead point to `https://assets.tcgcollector.com/build/images/default-card-image.789f6232.png`.

* * *

cardUrl _string_

The URL which leads to the original card URL data.

* * *

## Set Object

* * *

name _string_

The name of the set.

* * *

year _string_

The year the set was released.

* * *

total _integer_

The total number of cards in the set.

* * *

printedTotal _integer_

The number of cards in the set that is printed on the card. This differs from the set's `total` in sets with Secret Rare cards.

* * *

language _string_

The language that the card is printed in.

* * *

setUrl _string_

The URL to a page which has more information about the set.

* * *

shorthand _string_

The shorthand code for the set.

* * *

image _string_

A URL to the official set's image.

* * *

## API Queries

### Card Queries

### Set Queries

#### Get A Sets

#### Get All Set

## Examples